Update smoke test document for integration openproject (#668)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: docs/testing/smoke_testing.md

## Smoke Test for `integration_openproject` (In Nextcloud and OpenProject)
### 1. Oauth configuration (without project folder setup/Automatically managed folders)
- [ ] In `OpenProject`, navigate to `Administration > Files`.
- [ ] Create a file storage type `Nextcloud` and name it as `Nextcloud` in `OpenProject`.
- [ ] In admin setting of `Nextcloud`, navigate to `Administration Settings > OpenProject`.
- [ ] Copy `OpenProject` Oauth Credential (client_id and client_secret) and save them in `Nextcloud`.
- [ ] Copy `Nextcloud` Oauth Credential (client_id and client_secret) and save them in `OpenProject`.

### 2. Connect Nextcloud with OpenProject (Without project folder setup)
- [ ] Complete Smoke Test No 1.

> - [ ] In `Nextcloud`, navigate to `Personal Settings > Openproject` and connect to `Openproject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] In `Nextcloud`, navigate to `Personal Settings > Openproject` and click on `Connect to OpenProject` button.
```

- [ ] Navigate to `Files` tab, and login to `Nextcloud`.
- [ ] `OpenProject` admin is connected to `Nextcloud` as a `Nextcloud` admin.
- [ ] Also, create a user in both `Nextcloud` as well as `OpenProject`.

> - [ ] Add the created `OpenProject` user as the member of `Demo Project` project through admin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add the created `OpenProject` user as the member of `Demo Project` project (admin can add members to a project).
```
